docs: Simulate JVM Application Faults (#201)
chaos-mesh/website: versioned_docs/version-2.1.1/simulate-jvm-application-chaos.md

title: Simulate JVM Application Faults
---

Chaos Mesh simulates the faults of JVM application through [Byteman](https://github.com/chaos-mesh/byteman). The supported fault types are as follows:

- Throw custom exceptions
- Trigger garbage collection
- Increase method latency
- Modify return values of a method
- Trigger faults by setting Byteman configuration files
- Increase JVM pressure

This document describes how to use Chaos Mesh to create the above fault types of JVM experiments.

## Create experiments using Chaos Dashboard

1. Open Chaos Dashboard, and click **NEW EXPERIMENT** on the page to create a new experiment.

   ![create a new experiment](./img/create-new-exp.png)

2. In the "**Choose a Target**" area, choose **JVM faults**, and select a specific behavior, such as **`RETURN`**. Then, fill out the detailed configurations.

   ![JVMChaos experiments](./img/jvmchaos-exp.png)

>    For information about how to fill out the configurations, refer to [Field Description] (#Field Description).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For information about how to fill out the configurations, refer to [Field Description](#field-description).
```

### Parameters for `gc `

| Parameter       | Type                    | Description                     | Required |
| --------- | ----------------------- | ------------------------ | -------- |
| `port`   | int    | The port ID attached to the Java process agent. The faults are injected into the Java process through this ID. | No       |

### Parameters for `ruleData `

| Parameter       | Type                    | Description                     | Required |
| --------- | ----------------------- | ------------------------ | -------- |
| `ruleData`    |  srting        | Specifies the Byteman configuration data    | Yes       |
| `port`   | int    | The port ID attached to the Java process agent. The faults are injected into the Java process through this ID. | No       |

You need to write the rule configuration file according to the specific Java program and refer to [byteman-rule-language](https://downloads.jboss.org/byteman/4.0.16/byteman-programmers-guide.html#the-byteman-rule-language). For example:

```txt
RULE modify return value
CLASS Main
METHOD getnum
AT ENTRY
IF true
DO
    return 9999
ENDRULE
```

> You need to convert the line breaks in the configuration file to the newline character "\n", and use the converted text as the value of "rule-data" as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to escape the line breaks in the configuration file to the newline character "\n", and use the escaped text as the value of "rule-data" as follows:
```

`\n` 等以 `\` 开头的字符字符用转义(escape)翻译更好些
